magento/devdocs#: Custom admin URL naming (#8858)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/env/environment-vars_magento.md

```bash

> magento-cloud variable:set ADMIN_URL magento_A8v10 -e master

Reviewer: If that is the rule, then the underscore here is not valid?

Reviewer 2: Hi, @hguthrie !

We have a validation rule for the custom admin path on the **admin** side only:

<img width="887" alt="magento_adm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13585327/113876386-5f1a3480-97c0-11eb-8af2-c010e744e835.png">

However, a custom magento path may be set:
- in `app/etc/env.php` 
- in `ADMIN_URL` environment variable on Cloud (Cloud UI does not have any validation rules and we can type there everything we need):
<img width="814" alt="cloud_adm" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13585327/113876291-4447c000-97c0-11eb-975b-37455621a90e.png">

So, @EvheniiaKolkhiieva made good changes basic on codebase. In the same time our @rogyar is a very expirienced Magento specialist and he 100% knows that some additional chars (such as `_`) are also allowed in the custom admin path.

Thank you!

Reviewer: Sweet! Thanks for the detailed response!
@atwixfirster @EvheniiaKolkhiieva  And thank you both for tackling this and clearing things up. Much appreciated.

```

{:.bs-callout-info}

> Use only letters (a-z or A-Z) or numbers (0-9) for a custom admin path. No spaces or other characters are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ADMIN_URL` value accepts letters (a-z or A-Z) or numbers (0-9) for a custom admin path. Spaces or other characters are **not** accepted.
```

Author: Thank you, @hguthrie,

Will be fixed in the next commit.

> Use only letters (a-z or A-Z) or numbers (0-9) for a custom admin path. No spaces or other characters are allowed.

Author: Thank you, @rogyar, for your reviewing. 

Will be fixed in the next commit.
